Add instructions for generating a release (#12)
SETI/pds-cspyce: README-developers.md

```
python setup.py sdist
```
This will create a file named `dist/cspyce-<version>.tar.gz`.
This file can be uploaded to PyPI and then downloaded by any version of
Python on any operating system. The `.tar.gz` contains all the sources needed
to compile and run `cspyce`.
It includes the necessary pieces of the `cspice/` source tree as well as an
already generated `cspyce0_wrap.c` file so that they do not need to install 
`swig.`

The installing process may take a few minutes because 2000 files from the CSPICE

> library are being compiled.

Author: You are right.  I will fix.

> library are being compiled.

Author: Oops.  You weren't right, but I changed to make it a little bit clearer.  The build process is very fast, but the installation time (pip install) is slow.

password = your_test_pypi_password
```
Be sure to make this file publicly unreadable since it contains your passwords.

## USING GitHub TO CREATE A DISTRIBUTION

### One-time steps

#### Create an account on PyPI and Test PyPI

Follow the steps for creating a new account at [Test PyPI](https://test.pypi.org/)
and at [PyPi](https://pypi.org/)

#### Get Permission to access cspyce

Separate permission needs to be provided for both PyPI and Test PyPI.
For now, only Frank Yellin and Rob French can do this.
They should visit these two URLs and add you as a collaborator.
- https://pypi.org/manage/project/cspyce/collaboration/
- https://test.pypi.org/manage/project/cspyce/collaboration

#### Create tokens for PyPI and Test PyPI

PyPI and Test PyPI have separate API tokens.

Visit each of the following two URLs in turn:
  - https://pypi.org/manage/account/token/
  - https://test.pypi.org/manage/account/token

For each of the URLs, 
1. Fill in the two fields. The token name can be whatever you want.
The scope should be `Project: cspyce`
2. Click "Add token"
3. Keep a copy of the text that is generated. This is your API Token.

> #### (Optional) Update your `.pypirc` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### (Optional) Update your `.pypirc` file
```

You can use the tokens created in the previous step in your `~/.pypirc` configuration
file rather than a username and password.
Use `__token__` as the username and the appropriate token generated above as the
password.

> #### Tell GitHub these secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Tell GitHub these secrets
```

1. Log into your GitHub repository for pds-cspyce
2. Click "settings", then "secrets" on the left-hand menu, then "actions".
3. Use the "New Repository Secret" button to add two secrets named `PYPI_API_TOKEN` 
and `TEST_PYPI_API_TOKEN`. 
The value of each of these two secrets should be the appropriate API token
generated above.

#### (Optional) Install `gh`, the GitHub command-line interface

The GitHub commands to run the actions can be executed either using a 
command-line interface (CLI), or by visiting the GitHub website.

To use the CLI, visit https://github.com/cli/cli for information on 
installing `gh` on your machine.

After installation, you must run the command `gh auth login` and follow the instructions to 
authorize `gh` to access your account.

> ### Creating a new distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a new distribution
```

#### Step 1: Update the version

When you are planning on creating a pull request that requires a new distribution, make
sure that you update the version number in `setup.py`.
The version number appears in the `do_setup()` function at the very end of the file.

> Note to Rob: When approving a request that will require making a new distribution, 
> ensure that the version number is updated.
> 

> #### Step 2: Ensure you have a local branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 2: Ensure you have a local branch
```

> Make sure you have a local branch that points to the same commit as the development branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have a local branch that points to the commit where you want to create the distribution.
```

> If you are the creator of the branch, then you are done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are the creator of the development branch, then you are done.
```

If you are not the creator, then do a pull of the development branch from the GitHub repository.

#### Step 3: Understand version numbers

You should first try releasing alpha and beta versions of your code to Test PyPI 
before attempting to release to the public. Each release needs a separate version number.

You can find the version number in `setup.py`.

> If the version number is, for example `2.0.5`, we would want the first release sent to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the version number is, for example, `2.0.5`, we would want the first release sent to 
```

Test PyPI to be `2.0.5a1` indicating that this is the alpha-1 version of 2.0.5.
This would be followed by `2.0.5a2`, `2.0.5a3`, etc.

As we got closer to a final version, we would change `a` to `b`, and restart the numbering
from 1, indicating we are at beta.  Then we would change the `b` to `rc`, indicating that
this is a release candidate (again, restarting the numbering from 1).

We call the suffix you append to the `version` listed in `setup.py` 

> as the "Prerelease Version"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the "Prerelease Version".
```

#### Step 4: Build a Test PyPI release

By default, we generate four MacOS builds (2.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10), three Windows
builds (3.8, 3.9, 3.10), three Linux builds (3.8, 3.9, 3.10), and a source build.
Feel free to comment out the obvious lines if needed.

> When new Python images become available, modify the above list in the `master`
> version of this file.

> Note that 3.10 needs to be quoted because yml thinks 3.10 is just 3.1.
> When 3.11 is released, this shouldn't be a problem

> Ensure that your development branch is committed and pushed to your GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your development branch is committed and pushed to your GitHub repository,
including setting the appropriate version number in `setup.py`.
```

If using web interface, 

   1. Log into your GitHub account.
   2. Select your repository.
   3. Click the Actions "Button".
   4. On the left-hand side, you will see "All Workflows" followed by "Publish to PyPI".
   Click on that entry.
   5. Click "Run Workflow".
   6. Fill in the form:
      1. Select your development branch.
      2. Set "Prerelease Version" to be "a2" or "b0" or whatever is the current
         prerelease version as described in the previous step.

>       3. Leave the buttons as is. For debugging, you want to release only to Test PyPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      3. Leave the checkboxes as is. For debugging, you want to release only to Test PyPI.
```

   7. Click Run workflow

If using the CLI, run the following command:

```
gh workflow run publish-to-pypi.yml --ref <branch> -f prerelease_version=<xx> -f test_pypi=true -f pypi=false
```
where `<branch>` is the name of your development branch and `<xx>` is the prerelease version
as described above.

When you create a new workflow, using either the GUI or the CLI,
a new line will appear on the table of the Actions page.
Click on the left side of a row, and it will take you to a page showing the status of
the run.

> You may see a message saying that actions aren't being run in this forked repository.

Reviewer: Move this to after step 3 in the "If using web interface" list above.

Author: Done

If so, just click on "I understand" to continue.

> You *will* see the error message that Python 2.7 isn't supported; these can be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You *will* see the error message that Python 2.7 isn't supported; this can be ignored.
```

Author: Fixed to indicate that you may see this message multiple times.

> If there are any other errors, then investigate.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If you see any other error messages, please investigate. 
Otherwise, your build has been released to TestPyPI.

#### Step 5: Test and retry

Test the results.

You should generally create a new virtual environment for testing a prerelease cspyce.

```

> $ python -m venv tester
> $ cd tester
> $ source bin/activate
> $ pip install numpy
> $ pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ cspyce==2.0.5a1
> $ python
> > import cspyce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ python -m venv tester
$ source tester/bin/activate
$ pip install numpy
$ pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ cspyce==2.0.5a1
$ python
> import cspyce
```

Author: Hmm.  I thought you were supposed to cd into the venv, but I suppose this works, too, and is simpler.

```

> Of course, replease `2.0.5a1` with whatever is your current pre-release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, replace `2.0.5a1` with your current pre-release version number.
```

> Note: For release images on PyPI, `numpy` is installed automatically when installing
> `cspyce`.  This does not work when installing from Test PyPI.
> 
If there are any problems, fix them.

Repeat Steps 4 and 5 as many times as necessary.
Remember that you need to update the value of the prerelease version  in step 6ii
each time you create a new release.

#### Step 6: Publish to PyPI

Repeat the instructions of Step 4, but fill in the form as follows:

  6. Fill in the form:
     1. Select your appropriate branch
     2. Set "Prerelease Version" to be the string `release`
     3. Click both "Release to PyPI" and "Release to Test PyPI"

If using the CLI, run the following command:
```
gh workflow run publish-to-pypi.yml --ref <branch> -f prerelease_version=release -f test_pypi=true -f pypi=true
```
where `<branch>` is the name of your development branch and `<xx>` is the prerelease suffix
you would have entered in step 6ii above.

> Note: I am trying to figure out how to get rid of "Release to PyPI" and make

> > it depending on whether the prerelease version is "release" or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> it depend on whether the prerelease version is "release" or not.
```
